Condorcet Internet Voting System
Copyright © 2012, Andrew C. Myers

INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS

1. Create a configuration file.  You will find it helpful to use 
   config/sample as a template.  The configuration file specifies
   certain constants that localize the CIVS installation to your system:
   file system paths, URLs, email addresses, server names, etc.

2. Run the install script.  Assuming your working directory is the CIVS install
   directory, you would do this by invoking:

      ./install-civs config/my_config_file

   Of course, you would replace "my_config_file" with the name of the file
   you created in step 1.

   Check for any errors reported by the install script and try to correct them.
   The most likely warning that the install script will report is that
   the $CIVSDATADIR/private_host_id file does not exist.  The data in
   this file acts as the server's private key.  There is no requirement
   on the format of this file.  It is suggested that you fill it
   with some number of randomly-generated bits, but English text will
   suffice.  

3. Test the server installation by browsing to $CIVSURL, creating an election,
   adding yourself as a voter, opening the election, voting in the election,
   closing the election, and viewing the results. You may need to obtain some
   Perl packages, especially HTML::TagFilter.

Good luck!

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

  Several people have worked on CIVS and its design. 

    Andrew Myers built the initial version of the system and has maintained it.
    Michael Clarkson designed and implemented the protocols that are used to
    protect voter identity.  He also added the ballot reporting feature and
    cleaned up the code quite a bit.
    
    Nate Nystrom gave good suggestions on the the user interface,  David Gamble
    helpfully critiqued the proportional representation method, and Steve
    Eppley gave useful pointers on MAM and related methods.
    Chris Benham helped with the "runoff" method.

    Localization for languages other than English was provided by other
    volunteers: Árpád Magosányi (Hungarian), Jacopo Corbetta (Italian), Pascal
    Levasseur and Michel Billard Sarakawa (French), Julian Mehnle (German), Tom
    Dromi and Roey Perlstein-Dvir (Hebrew), Benhur Stein (Portuguese), and
    Danfeng Zhang (Chinese).

    Contributions and feedback are always welcome!

    Additional language support would be great if there are more      
    volunteers out there. Some languages frequently used in CIVS      
    polls but that are not yet supported include Spanish, Russian,    
    and Norwegian. Adding support for a new language is pretty easy   
    and does not require programming expertise.                       
